Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Mark. honey. you've got to
stop leaving the door open!
Mark!
Mark?
Daddy?
It got out.
Seriously. Mark.
this better be good.
'cause I am not in the
mood today. noway I-
- Daddy. she went in there.
even though you said not to.
No. she wouldn't go in
there. she knows better.
Daddy. she did. I saw her.
Christine?
Stay back. buddy. all right.
just stay here for me. okay?
Okay.
I need you to be really.
really brave now. okay
and be quiet.
Listen. whatever you hear.
just don't move. shh. okay.
just stay there. okay?
Christine?
Christine!
This isn't funny anymore.
Oh. no. no. no.
Run. go!
Come on. give me your
hand. give me your hand!
What is it?
Look. there's no time to
explain. come on. honey.
come on. come on.
Go. go. go. come on. that's it.
Get in the car.
Mark. now. get in!
That's it. buddy. everything's
gonna be fine. okay.
be brave for daddy. be
really. really brave.
That's it. everything's
gonna be fine.
nothing's gonna happen
to you. okay. honestly.
Close your eyes. Mark.
close your eyes buddy. okay.
cover your eyes. don't look.
Close your eyes.
Daddy!
No!
Fuck.
What?
Simon.
Still no word?
It's just not like him.
he's not even responding
to my text.
Well. when was the last
time you heard from him?
A week ago.
I just wanna make sure he's
okay before this weekend.
Yeah. well. why
wouldn't he be?
After what happened to Mark.
he's just been so distant
with us and Mom and Dad.
It doesn't matter
how much we help him.
Ah. don't worry. it's fine.
you'll see him tomorrow.
Do you not remember the
last time Simon and Dad
were in a room together?
Are you sure you won't come?
No. I hate these
pathetic family gatherings.
I know. I could
really use you.
You know. I've got
a party at Cassie's.
it's been planned for months.
- Fine.
Will you stop looking
at me like that.
Like what?
Okay. fine. I'll come.
But on two conditions.
- Hmm?
- The first. I get
to go in the front
the whole time.
Okay.
And you have to do my laundry.
Fine. whatever.
All right.
Oh. yeah. thanks love.
Why am I the one
sitting in the back?
Because I'm the one
sitting in the front.
Don't make a scene.
Bernie. it's only two hours.
You should.
I don't know why we're
even bothering with Simon
and this trip anyway.
He should make the effort
to come and visit us
every once in awhile.
so we don't have to trek
up there every year.
Dad. please. this
is the only time
we all get to spend together
and after what
happened with Mark.
we need to be there for him.
That was over a year ago. now.
I think you'll find we did try
to support him and
Christine when it happened
but they didn't want us there.
Every year it's the same thing
we go all the way
up there to see him
and then Christine gets him
to kick us out a day early.
Well. I'll tell you what.
this is the last year.
Oh. Dad. just shut up.
You apologize to your father.
No. Mom. he can't keep
treating Simon like an outcast.
Dad. if you wanna
be in our lives.
you've gotta make an effort.
Okay. let's be quiet
for the journey.
I don't wanna talk
about it anymore.
Typical Simon.
leaving himself open
to all kinds of robbery.
Dad. nobody knows
this place exists.
there's no one around
here for miles.
I don't like this.
Something doesn't feel right.
No. no. Dad. you and
Mom stay in the car.
I've been sitting
here for hours.
I need to stretch my legs.
Fine. just stay by the car.
You coming?
Okay.
It's quiet.
Don't freak out. it was
probably just an accident.
What do you mean?
This is exactly what I'm
talking about. takes after you.
Bern. can we please just
have a couple of days of peace?
Anybody home!
Jesus. Cate. Christ
a little head's up
would have been nice.
Yeah but if someone's
here that shouldn't be.
I wanna know now.
You still think
everything's all right?
Is it dead?
I have my phone.
What could have happened?
I don't know but
let's get out of here
and call by the car.
Oh. Jesus Christ. Dad.
I said to wait by the car.
What the hell happened here?
- Where's Simon?
- We don't know.
It looks like something
bad happened here.
Where's Mom?
She's waiting in the car.
Hello?
Simon?
What could he be doing?
I think we need to leave.
Auntie Jocelyn?
It can't be.
Auntie. why are you crying?
I feel like I'm
seeing a ghost.
What's happening?
Where's Daddy. Mark?
It got Daddy.
What do you mean?
The monster. it
took Daddy away.
Ow.
Christine. no.
Rebecca.
Mom?
She's dead. she's dead. she's.
Mom. don't move.
Don't move.
Bern!
Mom!
No. no. no. no!
We just gotta focus on
getting out of here. okay?
Jos. stop staring.
What was it. a dinosaur?
How is that even possible?
Jos. how can he be alive.
did Simon tell you
anything about it?
No. maybe Simon lied.
No. I attended his funeral.
we all did. Mark was dead.
I don't understand
any of this.
You shouldn't
watch out the window.
If they see you. they'll
come back in here.
How many are there. Marky?
Three. two small. one big.
How long have you been here?
Cate. where's your phone?
You had it downstairs.
Could you go get it?
Okay.
Call the cops. we're
not safe to sit here.
What happened to
Mom and Dad. Mark?
The monsters got them.
That's Dad's computer.
Why are you trying
to figure out here Jos?
I need to know what's
going on. don't you?
Seeing as how we can't ask them.
we can figure it out ourselves.
So. Mark. this is where
Daddy did his work?
Yeah. on there.
I don't know what
I'm looking for.
Maybe this.
What is that?
Daddy's work diary.
999 operator.
Hi. we need your help.
What
is your emergency?
Oh. you're not
gonna believe me.
Some of what I'm about
to say may seem far fetched
but I can assure
you it's all true.
as close to the
truth as I can see.
My name is Dr. Simon Dade.
My vocation has
brought me to this farm
where my experiments are
kept away from prying eyes
and all collateral damage
is kept to a minimum.
I have gone to great
lengths to isolate myself
from the bustle of city life.
And I decided to
put as much distance
between my family and me.
Our nearest neighbors is
drive away
which suits myself. my
wife and our son just fine.
What were you doing. Simon?
The idea started
when Mark passed away.
I couldn't lose him.
I had to think of something.
I couldn't just let him go.
I found a way to bring him back.
Oh come on. come on.
come on. come on.
By using the DNA cells
of someone alive or dead.
I could manipulate the
growth rate of those cells
to synthetic breed a
human in my laboratory.
It could be possible.
to bring Mark back.
I had nothing to risk
and everything to gain.
Day 12. yeah. okay.
so far my attempts
to manipulate the expansion
of the DNA samples
are acquired prove to
be rather fruitless.
However. we will persevere.
Using alternative gene
therapy techniques.
some biotechnology methods.
I was able to produce enzymes
and proteins identical to
human DNA to Mark's DNA.
Maybe I could find someway to
genetically modify that DNA.
manipulating human
tissues. blood cells
to rid Mark of his disease
once he returned to us.
He did this.
Simon. he brought Mark back
and then he brought
the dinosaurs back.
Christine. honey. wake
up. I've got someone here
who wants to say hello to you.
There. there.
The idea came when some
fossils are shipped to me
from an excavation rig in
Argentina. South America.
The laboratory claimed
that there was evidence
of dinosaur remains
within the rocks.
They wanted me to study it.
Through advanced technologies
I've been working with.
I was able to successfully
extract dead cells
from the fossils they sent me.
Christine. baby. you will
not believe your eyes.
I need you to follow me
into the shed right now.
Don't laugh. come.
I'm being serious.
come on. let's go. quickly.
Please. it's gonna blow your
mind. come on. this way.
Come on. that's it.
I thought it would
be easy to control.
I could have given life
not only to my son again.
but I could life
to the dinosaurs.
Man's biggest accomplishment.
All I'd have to do is
appease their appetite
and keep them contained.
And that would be
the hardest part.
What is it?
It's a dinosaur.
Whoa. whoa. it's okay.
shh. it's all right.
Don't make any sudden movements.
Oh my god.
Hey. little guy.
It's wonderful.
I didn't expect
them to grow at such a rate.
Mark had grown in years
within just a few months.
I suspected as a reaction
to the genetic modification.
an oversight on my part.
But I knew my time with
him would be limited.
So. I had to figure out a
way to slow that growth down
and reverse this. so
I could slow his down
and keep him for longer.
At first it was easy.
because of it's size.
I could feed it small
rodents and rabbits I caught
out in the wild.
But it was growing very
quickly. just like Mark had
and pretty soon it
wanted bigger prey.
Let's go.
But if I could just
get it to listen to me.
obey instructions then maybe
I could control it's emotions
when it got bigger.
It's a big one this time.
I'd explained it
all to Christine.
she would have agreed to
anything to keep Mark.
She let me continue my
experiments in the shed
and she promised me she
would never go in there.
Easy.
Mom. what was that?
We agreed
never to tell Mark.
As far as he was concerned.
the shed was off limits.
It's okay. honey. okay.
don't worry about it.
Let's go inside.
Okay.
I knew it was risky
but I was on to something.
something I just
couldn't let go.
Dispatching
now. stay inside the house.
do not leave.
Oh. okay. thank you.
Estimated arrival is
in the next 10 to 20 minutes.
Okay. bye.
- Jocelyn!
- Caitlyn.
Run!
Open the door. open the door!
Come on.
Open door.
We need to get
out of here now.
What if there are
more of those things.
Well. he said. Mark
said there were three.
So. we go by his word.
T-Rex and the two raptors.
How are we gonna
get out of here?
Do you think Caitlyn
and Mark are okay?
Auntie Jocelyn?
Auntie Caitlyn?
Mark. come down.
Oh crap.
Let's go.
Get back!
Someone wanna tell me
what's going on here?
What's that?
Whatever it is that's
out there. it's big.
Let's keep
moving. go. go.
Doctor. what are you thinking?
I need some more time with
this. there's a lot to take in.
Ladies. I am
Sergeant Fletcher.
would you mind if
myself and Private Ryan
take you back to the house
for some questioning?
Of course.
Corporal. I believe
you were the scientist.
focus on discovering what it is
we're dealing with out there.
Yes. Sergeant.
If it is what they say.
we're gonna need a lot more
than a few guns. I can
tell you that much.
Thank you.
You done 'cause if you are.
we're sitting ducks here.
This could well be
a state of emergency
if we don't act fast.
Whatever the hell that
thing is out there.
we need to know exactly
what we are dealing with.
We are not in a position
to send you on your way
without the facts of
what happened here.
We need to avoid at
all costs that thing
getting to the city.
My brother. there's
a journal upstairs
documenting his findings.
I think that's why he
chose this location.
so far from the public.
in case it escaped.
at lease he could contain it.
Where is this journal?
Upstairs study.
Private. would you mind?
Yes. sarge.
Hey there. young man.
Now I need you to tell me
exactly what you know. okay
about what your dad was
doing out there in his shed.
Dad. he was able
to make them nice.
He said they'd never hurt us
but once the big one escaped.
they all changed.
When you say the big one.
do you mean the T-Rex escaped?
It was smaller. like
the others at first
but it grew really quickly.
This is not safe for
my family. sergeant.
I understand you wanna
find out what happened here
but this is all we know.
It's not safe here.
That thing could
be back any second.
My men have guns. we
are well protected here.
And you're gonna need
more than that to stop it.
You didn't see what we saw.
The lives of the
masses mean more to me
than the lives of a handful.
You understand me.
sir. now sit down.
The quicker we can figure
out what happened here.
the quicker I will
have you on your way.
You have my word.
Now sit.
Nick. Drake. I need
to send you off.
Search the surrounding
perimeter of the woodland.
keep out for any movement.
We need to keep this
thing contained.
so it doesn't wander into
an of the surrounding areas.
Guard the border whilst
we wait for backup.
Oh and men. do not
hesitate to fire at will.
Regardless of what
the sergeant wants.
you're safety comes
first. understood?
Yes. Corporal Fox. sir.
Please. I'm going
as fast as I can.
Don't let the fear
get to your head.
This up here. use it to
your advantage. okay?
Come on. I go
south. you go north.
Don't go out too far.
Sure.
We've gotta leave.
shit's just screwed up.
Dad's upstairs.
we can't leave him.
They just pointed
a gun at our heads.
We get them the
information they want
and then we can go.
Hey. Mark. come on. it's okay.
I don't mean to cry.
but I just feel so sad
inside my stomach.
You're not alone
anymore. we're here now.
I just really
miss my mom and dad.
I know. I miss them too.
How long have you been
here for on your own?
I really don't know.
So. you haven't had a
proper meal or anything.
No.
Well. how about we go and
have a looksy what we got. huh?
Who fancies some pasta?
Me.
Drake!
Drake. can you hear me!
Drake?
- Shhh.
- What is it?
Don't move.
Where is it?
Stop moving.
Where is it!
Must have been hungry?
How long do you think
we're gonna be here?
Caitlyn.
What I need to.
Can we concentrate on
getting out of here first?
Hey. Mark. you okay?
It's just a cough I had.
Sometimes I feel sick.
Hey. are you okay?
Thanks.
Help me. help!
Help somebody!
Somebody!
Help me!
Help me. help!
Stay here. Marky.
What's going on?
He's outside.
Well. than just kill it.
Wait. we need backup now.
where in god's name is it.
- find out.
- Yes sergeant.
Oh my god.
Help me.
Damn it. get the
first aid kit now!
Oh man. oh.
Hold it. hold it.
hold him. hold him.
Stay there.
- You can't leave.
- Stay here!
Breathe
for me. breathe.
Stay. stay.
What we need to do
is we need to leave.
Do not try and play
hard nuts with me girl.
you do as I say.
Now stand down.
If you have any sense
you will hear me
and stand the hell down.
Do not try and
play smart with me.
this is your mess
we're clearing up here.
Sergeant.
Who points a gun at a kid?
I don't care what he
says. we're getting the hell
out of here now.
Get Mark now. get Mark.
I just need you
to breathe. okay?
It's okay.
It killed Nick.
What. it's okay. just
keep breathing for me.
I'm gonna put some
pressure on it.
Just breathe. just
keep breathing for me.
Yeah. you're gonna be okay.
I've got you. you're
gonna be okay.
Oh no!
I'm sorry.
What's going on?
We're getting out. okay. but
you've gotta be really quiet.
When we get to the
car. drive. don't stop.
Where do you think
you're running off to?
You think you're
going somewhere?
Run. get out of here now.
No one's going anywhere.
Go.
No. Dad.
What the hell
is going on here?
Girls run now!
No. no.
You get them back
inside this house now.
We are leaving.
You will do no such thing.
Move out of my way!
I won't move.
Dad. Dad!
No. Dad come. Dad!
Let's get in the car. go.
- Okay.
- Get in the back.
in the back. get in the back.
Go. go. go.
Get your head down!
Go!
Come on. Jocelyn. go!
That's a boy. good boy.
keep it down. keep it down.
good boy!
Come on Jos!
I'm trying!
Quickly. faster!
Go!
Sarge.
It's a dead end. the
barrier's blocking the road.
Well. then go back
the way we came.
Okay.
Go on. Joc.
quickly. Joc. come on.
Oh the car won't start.
What?
It won't start.
I'm gonna check it.
Is everything
going to be okay.
Auntie Jocelyn. Auntie Jocelyn?
Don't cry. Auntie.
please don't cry.
I'm sorry.
I know I shouldn't.
How long have
you had that cough?
Since Dad. since he left.
Hey look. something's
wrong with Mark.
Something's happening.
the cough. the blood.
I think it's serious.
Shit.
Over here.
Luna. what happened here?
The raptor broke in.
Luna. we need to figure
out a way to stop them now
and fast.
The reason the T-Rex
has grown to such size
in such a small space of
time is because it seems
that during his experimentation.
Simon unintentionally
found a way to speed
up the cell growth
whilst he was genetically
modifying their DNA particles.
Both the dinosaurs and
the boy were modified
using the same methods.
The boy. sorry?
- You didn't know.
- Know what?
The young boy
with them. he died.
Simon found a way to
manipulate the remains
of his dead cells
to bring him back.
That seems to be where
this all started.
Then he found and
extracted the dead cells
of the dinosaurs from
the fossils he was given
as a part of another experiment.
It seems from what I
can piece together.
the rate of radiation of
pi during these processes
have ultimately led
to the rapid growth
within these creatures.
And that's why the T-Rex
is the size it is already.
How old is the T-Rex?
In our life years. I'd
say only a month or two.
It grew to that size
in that amount of time?
But it could be a good thing.
to reach it's life
expectancy fast.
How long does the
raptor have left?
That's the one that
you need to worry about.
It's growth rate appears
to be the slowest.
Perhaps Simon used less
radiation in comparison
when he was creating
the raptors.
It could be many more months
until it reached
it's life expectancy
and that's providing that
nothing goes wrong beforehand.
Meaning?
There's are all
just experiments.
very early stage experiments.
It's very unlikely that
they'll reach full life
without any complications.
How you feeling. buddy?
I need to lay down.
Okay. well the
car's not working.
so we're gonna have to
walk a little while.
We need to get him to a doctor.
So. how long until
backup arrives.
I anticipate it won't be long
until that raptor returns.
They should be
here within the hour.
An hour?
We could be dead meat by then.
Grab yourself a
gun and be prepared.
I don't know how to use a gun.
Then learn and fast.
When you brought us here.
you said that we'd be safe
and protected.
I didn't expect to come
feet away from a T-Rex. did I?
I wanna leave.
We can go to the jeeps.
The jeeps are too far.
Going out there. you
may as well put that gun
to your head now. you
won't stand a chance.
I'm going to hunt it down.
The small one we got down
last time.
We can do it again.
Well. you can't
just leave me here.
Lock the door behind you then.
Screw this. I'm getting
the hell out of here.
You won't get far
with that outside.
Hey. hey wait.
You sure you should
be holding that?
Well. there's a
dinosaur on the loose
so. I guess I better
learn how to use it.
Okay. we need to go faster.
You think you could
walk a bit for me?
Okay.
Good boy. let's go.
Got you.
- Jos.
- What?
I think I get why they
haven't left the area.
It can't be the T-Rex.
Yeah. but the two raptors.
What do we do with them?
I don't know. smash them.
And risk pissing them
off more. no we're moving.
We can't keep doing this.
we're walking around aimlessly
in circles. Mark's sick.
I know. I know. I
don't know what to do.
Help me. help me.
Don't move!
Listen to me.
No. we're not listening
to anything you say.
Some prick just shot our dad.
I'm not taking any
orders from you.
Is it war?
You people don't
give a shit about us.
I'm not like them.
I'm running because it got them.
They're all dead.
probably the sergeant.
I got lost running
trying to find the jeeps
and then that T-Rex
came out of nowhere.
I just want to get
the hell out of here.
And if you come with me. then
we can leave here quickly.
Cate. put the gun
down. put it down.
We know why they're
not leaving the area.
Jesus.
Jesus had nothing to do
with what's going on here.
They look like
they're about to hatch.
We thought the creatures
would pass soon
but with more on the way.
- All right.
- Yeah.
What is it?
He seems to have run
into some complications
with their growth rates.
He doesn't seem to have solved
it before he was killed.
That little boy is growing fast.
extremely fast for normal graphs
and Simon's research
has shown me
it could be that within
the next year he's older.
a lot older in years than the
normal human aging process.
What does all
that mean for Mark?
He's showing symptoms that
he isn't responding well.
Just be straight with us.
I'm so sorry. I
don't know what to say.
I've already lost him
once. I can't do it again.
I don't know what to say.
Auntie. what is it?
Is something bad
happening to you?
No. honey. I'm fine and
you're gonna be fine too.
you hear me?
Promise me you're okay. I
want you to be sad anymore.
We need to keep moving.
Backup's on the way. if
we can get to those jeeps.
we'll get a head start.
Come on.
Run!
Help me!
- Hey over here!
- Caitlyn!
What are you doing!
Caitlyn!
Okay. okay. it's okay. I
got you. all right. okay.
Caitlyn!
Okay. okay. all right.
Okay. okay. you're all right.
It's okay. it's okay.
you're gonna be fine.
Caitlyn!
Mark look. we're
safe. they're here.
What?
No. no!
Oh he's
I know. we've gotta let
him go. Joc. Joc. look at me.
look at me. look at
me. do you see me?
I'm here. it's okay. I'm here.
- I had him.
- I know.
But at least we got
to see him one last time.
It's okay.